Pd 773 document webshell removal (#2317)
truenas/documentation: content/CORE/CORETutorials/Storage/Pools/Permissions.md

To add a new item to the ACL, define **Who** the Access Control Entry (ACE) applies to, and configure permissions and inheritance flags for the ACE.

{{< expand "ACL Details from Shell" "v" >}}

> To view an ACL information from the console, go to the shell and enter:

Author: There is no nav instruction anymore though. We could change it to "connect to a shell session" maybe? The idea is that there is no web shell so to get to shell you need to either have local access to the console or an SSH connection.

> To view an ACL information from the console, go to the shell and enter:

Reviewer: If by the time this doc goes live the shell screen is gone, and the only options are the console or SSH access to a shell screen, we can say that globally, then wordsmith these references so the user understands which shell or where.

> To view an ACL information from the console, go to the shell and enter:

Author: ```suggestion
To view an ACL information from the console, connect to a shell session and enter:
```
